okay you tubers I did not know you were
recording right now this doing world
premiere of the food song now you may
have heard the course like the first
part of it on the show somewhere but the
rim but the verses the bridge and the
rest of the course we made up okay okay
don't if you hear somebody singing this
song they say oh this is a song I made
up don't believe him we did it ok we
were just that bored so just how so what
if you want some french fries a day if
you don't know what we're talking about
you will know what we're talking about
soon innocent listen okay this is the
way from here 5 4 3 2 will move quick
you put weird pervert premiere and you
don't watch VT you just don't know him
in some big I used to think I can only
some graves but then I realized it spell
the king I saw the subway commercial all
TV what you see in I saw the meats and
then I grab my key
their toll free fast cuz I knew
lunchtime wouldn't last then I start to
worry what because I really had a taste
for some curry I believing fries I
believe in super-sized I think about it
every night and day chicken nuggets and
fish fillets I believe I can soar I got
caught stealing from the grocery store
please in fri i'll say the eyes in tried
to put a leaf in frys I saw my
boyfriend's car and me he teased I put
to the parking lot in check mighty
I looked into his car and what did I see
it was a big old bag of hay f.c loke
into his car but I didn't set off along
I 80 his chicken didn't know what he was
missing I believe in frys all the
leaving soup besides I think about it
every night and a chicken nuggets and
fish fillets I believe I can solo
stealing from the grocery store or leave
in fri i believe in fri superfamily here
eyes break it down now chicken nuggets
call the green she can't forget about
the math of peas cornbread master
tailors you can't save your soul aid
little dairy swit the nuts you can't
forget about the nest across gummy bears
lollipops now this bitch has got stuff
i'm leaving fri
eyes I believe in supa sized I think
about it every 90 day chicken nuggets
and fish fillets I believe I can soar I
got caught stealing from the grocery
store in
I can't wait to easy even KFC I can eat
don't forget about where do ye
Oh